Stop
Mr. Wang, you are here.
Ye Shao has been waiting for you for a long time
Ye Shao, please come in
My dad wants to buy your company too
You also want to buy our company
You are Mr. Wang, right?
I called last night to make an appointment
If so
Then Mr. Wang, you are not dim-eyed, right?
Mr. Wang
Just a green turtle I dumped
Don't be fooled by him
One has a few stinky money
I don't know the sky and earth garbage
What do you know about business negotiations?
Throw it out now
Yes
put
Mr. Wang, you are the security guard of my magical company.
Not from the night market group
Sir, I'm so sorry.
Ye Shao insists on buying our company
You and Ye Shao are incomparable
For your safety.
You'd better leave now
It seems that Wang Tianfu is quite reasonable
You can continue to hire later.